[PIANO MUSIC PLAYING]

DAVID J. MALAN: Hello, world.
This is CS50 and this is web programming with Python and JavaScript
with CS50's own, Brian Yu.
This course picks up where CS50 itself leaves off,
diving more deeply into the design and implementation of web apps
with Python, JavaScript and SQL using frameworks
like Django, React, and Bootstrap.
BRIAN YU: We'll start by taking a closer look out HTML and CSS, languages
that we can use to describe the structure and the style of web pages.
After that, we'll introduce Git, version control
tool that we can use to keep track of changes we make to our code,
and also to allow multiple people to collaborate
on the same project at the same time.
After that, we'll dive more deeply into Python
exploring some more advanced features of the programming language
and, in particular, how we can use it in order
to create dynamic web applications using a web framework known as Django.
We'll leverage Django, and, in particular,
its ability to deal with data, working with SQL, models, and migrations
to create web applications that use a database in order
to create interactive user experiences.
After that, we'll dive more deeply into another programming language--
JavaScript-- exploring how we can use JavaScript
to create dynamic and interactive user interfaces, writing code that responds
to events, and also manipulates a web page in response
to some kind of user interaction.
After that, we'll explore some best practices in industry,
including testing to make sure that our code works as expected, and also
continuous integration and continuous delivery
to allow us to rapidly make changes and deploy those changes to our code
whenever we're able to make those updates.
And then, finally, we'll consider concerns
around scalability and security as we take our applications
and move them from our own computers to the web where anyone can access them.
We'll talk about how we make sure that these applications are able to scale
and how we're able to make sure that these applications are secure.
Along the way, you'll have an opportunity to put all of this
into practice by building web applications of your very own.
BRIAN YU: This is CS50.
[PIANO MUSIC PLAYING]
